great gesture of colored people mourning
and the memory for diego barisone
man emerged in union of holy faith the
greeting between pellegrino goodbye frank
independent the presence of a neck
that later he could not play the game for
an annoyance that arose he felt comes
when it started heating without filter and
well it was a shame because we left out
here not thinking about federico and good the
We really got it right because I had that
annoyance that allowed us to last
have a minor change to the court
gentlemen know to shovel the party not
I was starting for nothing right and it links me well
if Jesus Mendez passed by him
any rustic dice at the start
many independent impressions that
I wanted to unbalance with benítez in
great moment the martial in half
he walked in, he walked, he was not all cute
play back and Jesus' drums
you sell and well by brawn invoice was not going to
have a big frank match already starts
your particular show
to the fourth referee and will be in full
the dt sabalero here the skin of alan ruiz
the colon engine leads against life
is together with albert I have the duo of
rafael a few years ago I could not find
a calm tranquil full connection
a range that was going to have to lower a
little bit the pump temperature of crashing
in the middle of the court
The truth is that the loser
let's say was the same one that was
heated with fine clemency but
put mate if yours clear there
You're a cousin, alan ruiz hit her
own town the same and then some
they look behind the poster that happened yamil
garnier appears behind the poster but
please a rugged match and there
he pumbaa as he went to the right side
alone outside the tension field 1
two
there is football two
martian ortiz hats and the shot
free
in the little time that follows and the
madness that happens to franco please
clear why that free shot went to
the independent counter less evil than
of the sabalero they finished recovering
because if he did not grab an attack on
colón technician second time and look
how it starts clear annoying pellegrino
the story was still as in the first
but attention 13 minutes of the complement
he goes toledo he is left adds index thinks
lift your head
and it's 1 to 0 for independent just
the villarreal play wants to clear him
asks to toledo and he has left summary is base
for the Uruguayan government first goal with
independent and to celebrate the red
I won in holy faith to all endured if 4
it's a little bit inside that just
Jesus gets a good ball and when he
he outlined that he was going to put the korrika equal
of the Uruguayan is just like that with your center
from the face and do it at 55 78
you have to be there is a the area
people of color were already in doubt
some insults to the bank
took advantage and Basque meditate on the
bomb
vital changes by artist and maps
for the see I have and there he will see the great
ball for dad who of course can not see
and at the temperature of the grandstands the
I asked for a little more
meanwhile true people
perhaps the delivered
hate and the clearest color tie
the match
dependent with space will you live if the
pump and again bronx in which he banked
the stop now the advance of vital
happens one is enough to fall to the prisoner and
the crossbar told them not the second
and attentive leave because in 40 minutes it comes out
to cut the russian rodríguez and collides with
the knee of flame I apologize
leaves us cut independent and not
had more changes it was difficult because it
I would tell the boys that I was just
apart and when we attacked I opened a
eye only this one kept it closed when
they came to try it but could not
true that
in the first thing I thought there was no more
change had to endure as long as it records
complicated the archer but while
independent of both continues to view
they broadcast the big game area of 9 we
arrives at dad appears mind accommodates
for the right and can not with the
sabalero but will have one more with on
it's going to be crystal clear flame the fight
to look for the bomb outside and tremendous
atajada denounced Rodriguez saving the
potatoes yes with one eye less that's why the
congratulations from all your classmates me
When the match ended, I pointed to
Russian that he had won and apart
is with one eye a lot
the independent party was dying
I was wearing a triumph and suddenly it's gone
to the milestone and I only say come find
company as you say
there is the second but not
when I'm here in the middle too
I see you
of what I have looked at as why should I
watch because the goalkeeper covered it
and define with the actress was alone but
good things is sweet
lucky we win and do not fucking two is
that was not final in santa fe
Independent won 1 to 0
fourth triumph to the thread and better at the beginning
for the pellegrino cycle
very positive with dependent people the
subconscious that people said for the
skinny that is going to be in red four
won matches this shows that 20
for this because one of the tricks the
change agent the good concept the
football sometimes have these things I think
independent with jorge made very good
matches and I would have deserved to have a lot
more point than it had
to be effective
well I think we're here to
work is normal one can not love
to everyone but it is showing
a job in the best way that
we can and hopefully we can turn
that that opinion in its difficult moment
maybe we are going through are not
three consecutive defeats beyond
that both in the match in the matches
local with lanús and this one deserved a
little more when the results are not
the tournament becomes complicated
independent hopefully what happens
with this form that I do not want to talk about
this moment live it like this not because now
complicated environment has passed we do not know
we do not have to relax this is very long and
If we want to be a protagonist, we have
that be the same
eye with independent half